</p> This BA branch includes all materials used for the second step in the collocation search, which was based on the "grammatical criterion". This second step consisted of a manual review of the n-gram lists that were computationally collected based on frequency and three association measures (for details, review branch <i>frequency-based_criterion</i>). </p>

</p> <i>ManualExtraction :</i> ManualExtraction is an excel-sheet documenting the manual extraction process and the decisions leading to the inclusion of n-grams in the final collocation list. Those n-grams, that were found to make use of grammatical constructs higher than text level they were found in, were listed in column A. A proposal for an abstract, general capture of their structure is included in Column B. Column C names the respective grammatical construct labelled as higher than their text of occurrence according to the "grammatik端bersicht".document. Column C names the respective grammatical construct labelled as higher than their text of occurrence according to the "ggp-list"-excel. Column E names, if included in the lists in goethe_vocabulary.zip, the ascribed CEFR level of the vocabulary. Column F shows through what Association measure the collocations were identified. Column G includes additional comments. </p>
</p> <i>grammatik端bersicht</i>: The document grammatik端bersicht  ggp-list contains a categorization of different grammatical constructs and their respective cefr-level with some examples. Based on this list, the manual extraction was conducted: if the construct belonged to A2 or higher, but occurred in a text labelled as easy, it was extracted. </p> 
</p> <i>ggp-list</i>: The excel-sheet ggp-list contains a categorization of different grammatical constructs and their respective cefr-level.Together with the grammatik端bersicht-document, this excel provided the foundation for assessment of whether an n-gram fulfilled the grammatical criterion and was to be included in the final collocation list, or not. </p> 
</p> <i>goethe_vocabulary</i>: This zip contains lists of vocabulary and their assigned cefr-level. It too served as a guideline when judging the n-grams fulfillment of the grammatical criterion: if the vocabulary in the n-gram was assigned to one specific level, but its grammar to a higher one (according to ggp-list), it was included in the final list. If instead the grammar was supposed to correspond to one cefr-level, but according to the goethe list the very same construct as a whole was assigned a lower cefr-level, the n-gram was included in the final list but marked as orange in the documentation, to signal the conflict between vocabulary and grammar assessment. </p>
